hi I'm Johnny oh and we're back and
we're going to who we got our eggs only
on the smoking on the grill and we got
some bacon we're going to put with our
eggs we're cart we're going to call this
caramelized bacon very simple to do you
just take your vacant and put a little
brown sugar on both sides don't have
nothing to have to be real thick just
kind of light and then a little brown on
on there and we're going to take these
out and put with our eggs these only
take about 20 minutes to do if I high
heat kind of away from the way from the
flame if you're in direct indirect heat
and since this is a brunch we're also
going to do we're going to put some corn
on the grill and well I'm not going to
do anything I'm gonna put it on just
like it was picked out of the field and
now some people you know they soak it in
water before they do it some people take
the husk off I like doing it this way a
reason being you know I you know it's
that you got a green husk and that's
going to kind of steam that corn inside
I'm not taking the silks out because
when this corn is done off the grill you
can kind of reach right up here and pull
out and know every one of those silks
will pull out so you don't have any
problem with it if you did it now you
kind of have to brush the silks out so
it's a little bit easier just to put it
on like that and then we're going to do
some potatoes on the grill something out
something else is very easy when you
just take potato a little bit of olive
oil
just kind of get get it all over the
potato there and then it's pretty simple
just hold it up real tight and these
will be ready for the grill take those
out there now it's going to take about
an hour for the potatoes to cook on the
grill and about 45 minutes to an hour
for the corn so those are kind of time
just right it was you now the bacon is
only going to take 20 minutes so we'll
put the bacon on and then a little bit
later we'll put the corn and potatoes
are
all right we're ready